my name is Ian hench and network for
Jeep design interiors
I'm Jeremy Glover exterior designer I'm
Shay DDS I worked for the colors in
diffuse the party Jeep is a very strong
brand and I think a lot of people have a
very strong connection with it when
you're sketching you know the shapes
you're gonna be drawing because it kind
of already tells the story Nina and I
both went to the college for food
studies here in Detroit as a fresher
designer you get a lot of responsibility
a lot to work on and the two of us we
were at sea for a few months before we
started this project so it could be the
smallest little thing or a big beautiful
rendering that drives the direction but
if whatever the feeling of the car is if
you've got that flavor again so you know
that's what we should be doing that was
super intense but at the same time it
really focuses you the theme of this car
is about personality playful fun
exciting energetic it's a do everything
traveled the world exploring boundaries
going where no one has gone if I had to
think of one key piece of inspiration
for the exterior design I looked at the
vintage gas can it's really one of the
elements that ties in the interior and
exterior together it took the same idea
and wanted to get something on the top
of the loop this has this cool faceted
Stampler also adds strength and
structure to their moveable panels this
was designed nobody sketched it out and
tried to make it look cool based on
function not aesthetic but still looks
cool you'll see bits and pieces of that
all over the car the tail lamp for
examples you'll have the X in it we
looked at the heritage of the military
Jeep looking at this profile this will
ease with a short overhang and in the
squarish profile you're gonna see that
in relationship to the Renegades
trapezoidal wheel arches the shield
shape for the grille the round
headlights all that stuff is kind of
interjected into the renegade we were
also very much inspired by extreme
sports equipment
ski boots and helmets for the exterior
the design as we looked at these
athletic equipment understanding how
structurally shapes look I wanted to
brow the headlights so it gives it a
little bit of an aggressive feel to the
front on ski boots like these you see a
lot of green I standardized finishes
iodized finishes and the Renegades are
under air vents the shifter and the
controls so anywhere where it's sort of
borders so we tried to
accentuate or anything that's gonna
highlight a lot of the parts sort of
seem to interlock and connect together
and form a very strong connection the
inspiration definitely shows through in
the color and tune we have the unique
cause which is the orange with allies
orange we have their bark brown as was
the skin grain tying into the sports
equipment is always perfect leather or
technical mesh equipment there's a soul
Jeep lobe of woman and different sizes
who makes it unique because depending on
how the fabric is cut every seat in
Syria will be different so no two cars
are the same the trailhawk is different
in fact that it has a different fascia
with an aggressive approach angle extra
skid plates the trailhawk is our most
capable run engaged in terms of
mechanics it's go in your vehicle we
celebrate that Havoc's own unique
interior has a fabric that features the
elevation lines true to the moor woven
into it so it's a subtle cue but if it's
all in the small details it's something
new but at the same time it references
and a lot of the heritage it's just
trying to get this simple as most honest
car you possibly can and is that a good
mix of being playful but with real
capable serious bones looks like you can
just push it off a cliff and it's still
very rough at home over a few times and
then just like a dog just shake it off
you